In times of great stress and challenge and confusion,
Not unlike our present times,
It's easy to become disoriented.
to lose sight of the stars that we steer by to lose our compass points. So I want to bring our attention to some of those compass points so we don't lose sight of the stars that we steer by to lose our compass points. So I want to bring our attention to some of those comp
Don't lose our way
In this time of present stress and confusion, because no one benefits if we become disoriented.
And one of the basic principles, one of the stars we steer by is that Catholic
Imagination
Perception, sensibility,
Is sacramental
Matter matters because it is spirited.
The visible
The physical becomes
Now try this again. If there's two ways to set up a disorientation,
For it, I would demonstrate them.
Right? The invisible becomes visible through the physical.
The word is made flesh.
So when God is at work, we have to be alert to the sacramental character of God at work.
The other thing we have to be aware of is that wherever Our Lady is present in Scripture, she is there as a witness,
And as a mother,
And she says yes.
She says, "fiyat in relation to divine initiative."
And then something very fruitful.
Happens.
Case in point today,
This was not
Calvary was not the first fiat of Our Lady. When we see her in Nazareth, Gabriel comes to her,
And she says yes.
And she becomes the mother of God.
The mother.
Of the christ.
And at Calvary, she says yes again.
She said yes to her son's sacrifice.
And she is the witness
to the fruit of that sacrifice, which is the church emerging from the heart of her pierced son.
And in God's providence, the church is the font
of the graces of Christ. And by divine initiative, the Christ of God is the new Adam.
And Our Lady
is the new Eve not as the source of the graces but as the distributor of the graces as the distributors of life
So at Calvary, the mother of Christ becomes the mother of the church.
And the mother of all the living.
So,
Pache to those who post 1517 misunderstand Our Lady.
It is an undeniable truth that where grace is at work,
Our Lady's efforts and presence may
be found.
And whenever there was great need, and we cry out, not as orphans in despair,
And not as pagans trying to placate the divinity to get a deal.
God forbid!
No, we cry out as sons and daughters.
We cry out as sons and daughters to have a good and heavenly and true
Mother.
And a good mother provides for the needs of her children.
And right now,
We need a poem.
We really need a pope. We need a pope a lot.
And
We need a very wholly wise strong
Bold
humble
Pope.
One who can confront the principalities and powers of this world, one who can gather the lost, one who can teach with authority.
One who quite visibly walks in the footsteps
Of our Lord and of Saint Peter.
So where else shall we turn?
But to our blessed.
Mother.
From the cross, Our Lady says, "Behold your mother."
Let's have the good sense, like St. John, the beloved disciple, and take her into our home, into the dwelling place of our soul.
And pray with her intercede under her tutelage
And please, perhaps,
enjoy some of her confidence and some of her peace as God's providence is worked out before us. And let's pray for those poor ones
Or 130 men. Or 130 men. Or
"finite, fallible, sinners all, just like you and me, who by office and providence have a terrible burden placed upon
on their shoulders.
Pray that the Holy Spirit will break through anything that would limit divine providence.
and have God's best gift to the church made manifest like Our Lady.
Through human cooperation.
Through a human fear through a human yes
Animated.
By the grace of God.
O Mary, conceived without sin,
Pray for us to have recourse to thee.
In the name of the Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen.